# Reflection 

This evaluation enlightened us to the many moving parts relevant in defending something as commonplace as a vending machine. We learned of the multiple lines and varying types of defenses used to protect the machine. This evaluation also highlighted the numerous motivations and variety of groups that may potentially target a vending machine. Even though it may seem like a relatively insignificant object in our everyday lives, there are still many parties that possess the motivation and knowledge to facilitate an attack of some sort, even if this ranges from a physical attack from a disgruntled student seeking revenge of some sort or from a more technically savvy party seeking greater financial gain. 

This evaluation impacted how we think of security as it fully demonstrates that security is not a battle fought on one front. There are multiples lines of defense in place to protect relevant parties. We see this in the fact that the vending machine has physical protections and deterrents in the form of locks, alarms and strengthened casings, but there is another line of defense, that being digital, as we assume that the operator of the vending machine has access to remote surveillance in the forms of alerts and transaction logs. Behind even this there is another form of protection, so that in the even that either the prior two fail the user may be protected, we see this in the form of payment processors and university administration, parties that aid in assuring that no real harm is done and if it is that it can be minimized and those responsible will be punished. 

This evaluation of a vending machine’s security has served to show that security is not an afterthought, even in something as seemingly trivial as a vending machine, something so unimportant in everyday life still has several lines of defense in different forms. It fully demonstrated that security is not an optional benefit afforded to more sensitive or essential items, it is necessary. 
